DOCS-915: Document entry point file for modules and improve modules documentation (#1476)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/glossary/model-namespace-triplet.md

---
title: Model Namespace Triplet
id: model-namespace-triplet
full_link:
short_description: namespace:family:name
aka:
---

{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="Models" >}} are uniquely namespaced as colon-delimited-triplets in the form of `namespace:family:name`.

For example:

- The `rdk:builtin:gpio` model of the `rdk:component:motor` API provides RDK support for [GPIO-controlled DC motors](/components/motor/gpio/).

> - The `rdk:builtin:DMC4000` model of the same `rdk:component:motor` API provides RDK support for the [DMC4000](/components/motor/dmc4000/) motor.

Reviewer: we probably want to take out RDK here and implementation may be a better word than support here

Reviewer 2: Ooh this is a tricky RDK usage. Since "rdk" is part of the triplet, maybe it actually makes sense to leave it in here for context? Also I think "support" makes sense to me here because I think of it as, the code is the implementation that supports the hardware. In other words, `rdk:builtin:gpio` is an implementation of the `rdk:component:motor` API, and that implementation of that API supports a given motor.

Here's a suggestion if "RDK" comes out:
```suggestion
- The `rdk:builtin:gpio` model of the `rdk:component:motor` API supports [GPIO-controlled DC motors](/components/motor/gpio/).
- The `rdk:builtin:DMC4000` model of the same `rdk:component:motor` supports the [DMC4000](/components/motor/dmc4000/) motor controller.
```
Maybe the following would use the word "implement" correctly?
```suggestion
- The `rdk:builtin:gpio` model implements the `rdk:component:motor` API to support [GPIO-controlled DC motors](/components/motor/gpio/).
- The `rdk:builtin:DMC4000` model of the same `rdk:component:motor` supports the [DMC4000](/components/motor/dmc4000/) motor controller.
```

Author: I think this suggestion looks good but @mcvella as author does this change make sense to you?

Reviewer 3: how about saying "provides built-in" support?  This way we don't have to say RDK but imply that it is part of RDK/viam-server?  Otherwise its fine as-is, since some of these things might become modular in the future anyway!

Author: ```suggestion
- The `rdk:builtin:gpio` model implements the `rdk:component:motor` API for [GPIO-controlled DC motors](/components/motor/gpio/).
- The `rdk:builtin:DMC4000` model implements the `rdk:component:motor` API for [DMC4000](/components/motor/dmc4000/) motor controllers.
```

---
title: Model Namespace Triplet
id: model-namespace-triplet
full_link:
short_description: namespace:family:name
aka:
---

> A model is a specific implementation of a resource that implements (speaks) its API.
> Models allow you to control different versions of resource types with a consistent interface.
> 
> Models of a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} are uniquely namespaced as colon-delimited-triplets in the form of `namespace:family:name`.

Reviewer 2: We already have a glossary entry for "model" so I think this one can be shortened for triplet specificity.
```suggestion
{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="Models" >}} are uniquely namespaced as colon-delimited-triplets in the form of `namespace:family:name`.
```

Author: Awesome, thanks!
